{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Black;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Corbel;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs32\lang9 Project Scope Analysis\line\b0\i\f1\fs28 Quiz App Project - Our Solar System\par
\par
\highlight1\i0\f2\fs22 This document is intended to be the primary planning and development repository for the Quiz App Project of Sean Cowan for the Bloc/Thinkful Web Developer Track program.  \highlight0 It will outline the scope of the project, the questions that will be asked, sources for the questions, and the visual concept for the application.  As the purpose of this application is to practice fundamental skills in jQuery and interactive web application development a single high quality source will be used for all questions.  This is to facilitate a faster dev process for the app. The source to be used will be NASA's official website. \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/overview/ }}{\fldrslt{https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/overview/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22\par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 Question Concept\par
\b0\f3\fs24 The questions to be asked will be about the planets in our solar system, asking basic trivia type questions regarding their size, day length, distance from the Sun or Earth, and other similar information.  Extremely technical questions will be avoided and they will be constrained to simple knowledge questions.  There will be two questions for each planet.\par
Users will not be disqualified for any number of wrong answers and will always be able to finish, restart, or stop the quiz at any time.  \par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 Visual Concept \b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f3\fs24 Users will take a 'journey through the Solar System'.  \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A simple lineup of the planets, in order will appear at the top of the page.  Their images will be greyed out except for the one which the user is currently on; which will be full color/brightness.   \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A small factoid of the planet will also be displayed.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}To the right hand side of the screen will be a progress tracker indicating the current planet, question, and score of the user.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Control buttons will appear at the bottom of the form interface.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}The form interface will be a horizontally centered interface and the background of the quiz page will be a high quality photo the current planet.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\f1\fs28 Question Outline\par
\tab\b0\i Mercury\par
\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 15,329.1 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 3.879122 mins\line Planet type: Terrestrial \line Daytime temperature (max): 430 degrees Celsius\i\f1\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Which is bigger, Mercury or the Moon?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Moon is bigger.\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight4 Mercury is bigger.\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 They are the same size.\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}That's no moon its a space station.\highlight0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\i Mercury is slightly larger than the moon.\par
\i0 How many Earth days does Mercury take to orbit the sun?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 101 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 75 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 81 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 88 Earth days\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Mercury has a short orbit but a very long rotation.  It takes just 88 Earth days to orbit the Sun, but one day on Mercury is 59 Earth days!\par
\i0\f1\fs28\par
\i Venus\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 38,024.6 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 6.014074 mins\line Planet type: Terrestrial\line Daytime temperature (average): 465 degrees Celsius\par
Who are the majority of Venus' surface features named after?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Animals\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 Famous or noteworthy men\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 Famous or noteworthy women\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 Places on Earth\highlight0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Nearly every surface feature on the planet is named after both mythological and real women from Earth.\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Venus is a goddess from which ancient mythology?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Greek\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 Egyptian\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 Roman\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 Sumerian\highlight0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Venus is the Roman goddess of love and beauty who was known as Aphrodite in Greek mythology.\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Earth\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 40,030.2 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 8.326467 mins\line Planet type: Terrestrial\line Daytime temperature (average): 14 degrees Celsius\par
Who or what was the first thing to orbit the Earth?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 A monkey\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight4 A dog\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 Buzz Aldrin\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 John Glenn\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i The first creature from Earth to orbit the planet was Laika the dog, sent on the Soviet Sputnik 2 in 1957.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 How old is the name 'Earth' for our planet?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 1500+ Years\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 2000+ Years\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 1000+ Years\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 3000+ Years\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Humans have called the planet 'Earth' for at least 1000 years, its name is Germanic in origin and means simply 'the ground'.\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Mars\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3 Circumference: 21,296.9 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 13.800348 mins\line Planet type: Terrestrial\line Daytime temperature (range): +20 to -153 degrees Celsius\par
How long is Mars' longest canyon?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 50 kilometers\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 545 kilometers\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 10,361 kilometers\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 4,800 kilometers\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i The Martian canyon Valles Marineris is 4,800 kilometers long and up to 320 kilometers wide in some places.  This is roughly 10 times the size of the Grand Canyon in Nevada. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Mars has the largest Volcano in our Solar System, what is it's name?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Mount Vesuvius \highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 Mount Rushmore\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 Olympus Mons\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 Ben Nevis\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Olympus Mons is monstrous in size, it is 3 times taller than Mount Everest and its base covers an area the size of New Mexico!\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Jupiter\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 439,263.8 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 43.748913 mins\line Planet Type: Gas Giant\line Daytime temperature: -145 degrees Celsius\par
Jupiter is known for having many moons, how many does it have?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 45\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 63\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 102\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 79\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Jupiter has 79 known moons, and possibly more!  It has the most moons of any planet in our Solar System.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Jupiter takes a lot longer to travel around the Sun when compared to the Earth.  How long does it take for one complete orbit?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 1,438 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 750 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 6,000 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 4,333 Earth days\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i That's right, 4,333 days! One year on Jupiter is about 12 years on Earth.\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Saturn\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 365,882.4 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 83.523509 mins\line Planet Type: Gas Giant\line Daytime temperature: -177.8 degrees Celsius\par
How many rings does Saturn have?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Nine\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 Four\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 Twelve\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 Seven\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Saturn has seven distinct rings with clear divisions between them, in addition there are thousands of smaller ringlets.  Saturn has the most complex ring system of any planet in the Solar System.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Which two gases is Saturn's atmosphere primarily comprised of?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 Methane and Sulfur\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 Hexane and Oxygen\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 Hydrogen and Helium\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 Nitrogen and Phosphine\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Saturn is made up mostly of Hydrogen and Helium these gases create extremely turbulent winds with speeds in excess of 1,600 feet \b per second!\b0\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Uranus\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 159,354.1 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 164.918561 mins\line Planet Type: Ice Giant\line Daytime temperature: -216.11 degrees Celsius\par
While it is not known for having rings, Uranus actually has more than Saturn, they are just not as large or vibrant.  How many does it have?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 15\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 19\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 8\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 11\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Uranus has eleven rings, it has nine, greyish colored inner rings, and two outer rings, one which is reddish and the other which is blue.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Even though it is an Ice Giant Uranus has a hot rocky core.  What temperatures can it reach?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 4,500 degrees Celsius\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 6,100 degrees Celsius\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight3 9,001 degrees Celsius\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight4 4,982 degrees Celsius\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Uranus can reach temperatures of over 4,982 degrees Celsius in its core!\par
\par
\f1\fs28 Neptune\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\f3\fs24 Circumference: 154,704.6 KM\line Distance from Sun in light minutes: 248.956123 mins\line Planet Type: Ice Giant\line Daytime temperature: -235 degrees Celsius\par
Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun, how long does it take to orbit the Sun in Earth days?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 20,780 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 14,210 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 60,190 Earth days\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 73,230 Earth days\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Neptune takes a whopping 60,190 Earth days to orbit the sun once.  That's 165 years!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Neptune is the windiest planet in our Solar System, what is the fastest wind speed we've recorded?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight3 1,200 kilometers per hour\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 b.\tab}\highlight3 2,500 kilometers per hour\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 c.\tab}\highlight4 2,000 kilometers per hour\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3 d.\tab}\highlight3 1,000 kilometers per hour\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Winds on Neptune reach speeds of 2,000 kilometers per hour or more, for comparison the fastest winds seen on Earth are bout 400 kilometers per hour.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i0\f1\fs28 Bibliographic Information\par
\b0\f3\fs24 These are all the sources used to compile these questions.\par
Dunbar, Brian. \ldblquote What Is Jupiter?\rdblquote  NASA, NASA, 1 June 2015, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.nasa.gov/audience/forstudents/5-8/features/nasa-knows/what-is-jupiter-58.html }}{\fldrslt{www.nasa.gov/audience/forstudents/5-8/features/nasa-knows/what-is-jupiter-58.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs24 .\par
NASA, NASA. \ldblquote Planets in Our Solar System.\rdblquote  NASA, NASA, 27 Nov. 2017, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/overview/ }}{\fldrslt{www.solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/overview/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs24 .\par
Sharp, Tim. \ldblquote What Is Earth's Average Temperature?\rdblquote  Space.com, Space, 23 Apr. 2018, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.space.com/17816-earth-temperature.html#targetText=GISS%20data%20show%20global%20average,58.62%20F%20(14.9%20C) }}{\fldrslt{www.space.com/17816-earth-temperature.html#targetText=GISS%20data%20show%20global%20average,58.62%20F%20(14.9%20C)\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs24 .\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\fs22\par
}
 